[Workers AI] Add pricing and model maturity (#13226)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers-ai/_index.md

Run machine learning models, powered by serverless GPUs, on Cloudflare's global network.
{{</description>}}

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> Workers AI will begin billing for usage on non-beta models after April 1st, 2024. Read [pricing page](/workers-ai/platform/pricing) for more details.

Reviewer: This should be a partial since it's being used multiple times throughout docs. If it's not a partial, the risk is people updating in one place and not the other and no source of truth.

> Workers AI will begin billing for usage on non-beta models after April 1st, 2024. Read [pricing page](/workers-ai/platform/pricing) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers AI will begin billing for usage on non-beta models after April 1, 2024. Refer to [Pricing](/workers-ai/platform/pricing) for more details.
```
